{OK, so you are about to see a
complex scene. Imagine you are
describing the scene to someone
who cannot see the picture.
Describe what you see is
happening in the scene as
thoroughly as possible. And then
for complex scenes we ask that
you take between 3 to 5 minutes
just to describe the scene. And
now I'm going to.}
{Share the scene in one second.
OK, one second slideshow.
OK, can you see my screen?}
{Yep. So you could start
describing what you see in this
scene.}
{I can't enlarge that. Can't let
me see. Maybe I can see if I can
on this end. I was able to.
Uh oh.}
{OK, I think I I got it all
right.
Well, should I start?}
#START_ancient_rome This is a.
Picture of what looks like a
Roman Colosseum. And there are
people watching what's going on.
They're sitting in the stands
and they're watching lions.
Uh.
And people who are.
In the arena now.
The it looks like the lions are
attacking or have attacked
people, and there there are
bodies of people lying on the on
the ground. It looks like there
are people with either a large
sticks or Spears or or
something, and they're either
defending themselves or their.
Maybe they're fighting against
each other.
And so.
You see a people who are
standing on each others
shoulders trying to, it looks
like they're trying to escape
the arena and get into the seats
of the Colosseum and it looks
like there are lions who have
climbed up on top of each other
and there is one lion that's
trying to get into the seats of
the Colosseum.
And then it looks like there is
a there are Chariots racing
around the arena while all this
is happening. So.
I see it. It looks like Chariots
with four horses pulling the
chariot, so there must be a
chariot race going on at the
same time.
And that's basically the action
that's there. The Colosseum
walls are are white with some
type of.
Banners and bunting. There's a.
#END_ancient_rome There is a
type of tarp or cloth that hangs
over with the a symbol of
ancient Rome in it. So that's
that's basically what I see.
{OK, perfect. Let me see what we
have next.
Next we have another complex
scene.
I'm gonna share my screen one
second.}
{ Same thing as before. Just
describe what you see.}
#START_by_the_lake OK, well,
this is obviously at a lake and
there.
Are in the foreground. There is
a beach and it's crowded. There
are people playing volleyball
and looks like there's someone
who's trying to. They have a
rowboat that perhaps they're
going to take out into the
water, and there are children
and other people building
sandcastles and then.
There is a.
The lifeguard or someone with an
umbrella. There are people who
are shading themselves with
large parasols or umbrellas. At
the top right there's a looks
like a cabin with a set of
stairs coming down. There are
some trees in the background.
Further in the background, in
the middle of the picture on the
other side of the lake, I see a
mountains and it looks like
someone's either parasailing.
Or parachuting into into the
scene.
There are there. There's a like
a two-story old house on the
left top of the screen. So in
the in the water there are
people swimming, there are
people kayaking there. Someone
looks like they're on a pontoon
boat or raft or something. There
are people who are fishing off
the dock. There are a number of
people who are.
Crewing.
And there are a number of
sailboats in the distance, and
it even looks like there's a.
#END_by_the_lake Some kind of
acrobatic stunt where people are
standing on top of each other.
They must be doing a they must
be being pulled on water skis.
{So.
That's about what I see.
A perfect.
Let me see what you have next.}
{OK, next we have on our first
short story. I'll pull up the
direction short story.}
{OK, so with the stories you are
going to look at a series of
pictures that tell a story.
Imagine you are telling the
story to someone who cannot see
the pictures. We ask that you
describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story, and then I'll let you
know how many slides each story
is. Let me pull up the first
story.}
{OK, so this first story is 6
slides long and I'm going to
share my screen.}
{OK.
Do I?}
{OK, yeah. So just describe what
you see happening in the story.
OK, just go from like top left
to right. So this this book, so
this is like, this is one page.
OK yeah, sometimes they switch
up their formatting, so
sometimes it'll go across this
way. But this one, it'll start
on this page and then this is
the next page.}
#START_arrival-6 To me it looks
like that there is a a pot
that's sitting on a table or
shelf near the window a a clay
pot that someone has has made,
and then in the next two
pictures I can see a. It looks
like a.
A hand or some something that's.
On top of the pot, it's really
hard to.
See that and then.
So I think the the.
And.
Ah, the the pot is now. I see
it's outside of.
It looks like it's outside and
it looks like.
There is a.
A man whose
On the opposite side of the pot
and he has a lamp, kerosene
lamp, and he's wearing a vest
and a tie and long sleeves and
he's.
Has a pen in his hand and he's
starting to write on paper.
He's writing a letter or a note,
and he's folding up the paper.
Looks like a triangle, but now
it looks like he's doing origami
because the next picture shows a
a bird and then he.
Takes some money out of a wallet
and he.
Licks the the paper.
And it looks like he's.
Putting I think he's putting it
in an envelope.
And he's licking an envelope and
I think he's putting his stamp
on it.
And he he's taking that, walking
down the stairs, he meets a
lady.
And that person is.
Pointing her arm or left arm, I
think it looks like giving
directions and then he walks
over to.
What looks like a.
A mailbox.
Of some sort. And then he reads.
Directions on it and he puts the
letter.
in the mailbox, and then he
looks up to the sky.
And then he the scene expands
with.
It's a landscape with giant. It
looks like giant leaves, or
maybe they're bushes and he's
walking away from that.
Post office box and he's walking
down a hillside.
{OK.
Keep going.
Ohh OK so.}
It does look like a a leaf and
then the leaf is green and it's
set against the white background
and in the 2nd frame it starts
to split.
And then?
Going across, it's splits even
more.
And then even more and it starts
to look like it's becoming a
bird or a butterfly, something
with wings.
Or maybe the the leaves are are
dying and then there's a stem
that's in the middle of the leaf
that's being formed, and then as
the leaves fall off, as the arms
fall off, there is a.
A small.
Plant at the head of it looks
like a sunflower, more Daisy,
and then as it gets bigger it
starts to look like a a rose
window, like from in a in a
church and that is in the next
frame. It looks to me like this
thing has evolved into an
eyeball.
With like a pupil in the middle.
And continues that in the next
branch, and now this circle
begins to.
I have six sides to it, so at
the end of on the perimeter of
what the petal is, it looks like
it. There are six seeds, and.
There are little it looks like
the little origami.
Surrounding the the, the, the
flower, the plant, and then.
There is nothing in the in the
there are there. They have
disappeared in the next frame
and then something else
reappears and the following
frame and the pods now have
turned from. I think they're
falling out or they turn from
white to black and then the
flower begins to get darker and
then it looks like it turns to
black.
And then it starts to
disintegrate and just
disintegrate even more and in
the following frame more and it
looks like it's just a a wire
skeleton to the flower. And then
it begins to sink, looks like it
begins to sink into the, into
the.
Ground.
OK, and this picture on the
left.
It looks like.
Some.
It it looks like some kind of a
futuristic setting, so in the
background I see a large.
It looks like a a large building
with many little windows in it.
On top of that there's a some
type of tent that's setting up
there and then to the.
Or maybe what this is, it also
resembles. It looks like a
building, but it it may be it
has some. Think of a dishwasher
and when you pull the rack out
and you see some of the dishes
in it, so it looks like a
building that resembles a a
dishwasher. And then in the
foreground there's something
that looks like a platter and on
on top of the platter is set
some kind of.
Other box with the different
geometric shapes coming out of
it, cones and.
It looks like stick figures.
And.
Uh.
I can't really tell what that
is, but it it it it it's just
kind of futuristic in the next
scene.
There are in the background some
some Gray dishes coming closer
to us. There are some cylinders
and there is a a cone such as a
teepee. And then coming closer
on the left hand side, it looks
like a smokestack that's
surrounded by a couple of big
wheels or big dishes and then
even further or closer to us.
And and the lower left there is
a cylinder with some ceramic
pots on it. Looks like little
trees like conifers or pine
trees on it.
Next to it on its, on its right,
on the like on the ground, it
looks like it's sort of like a.
Undulated.
Terrace and it they're little.
Little looks like little plants
growing on that, and even closer
to the to the front are some
other clay pots with some. One
looks empty, the other one has
something sticking up from it
and there are a couple of
dishes.
To the to their left.
OK.
OK. And and this scene we have
that we return to the clay pot
and it looks like there's
something coming down, maybe
it's an insect, looks like an
insect that's coming in and
maybe planting something or it
has.
Or hovers over the pot and then
it it it gets closer. And the
next scene we see a a man
sitting in his room. It looks
like he's he's looking at a
picture, maybe a picture of his
family and his.
He's sitting on the bed facing
the window and it it doesn't
look like he's got.
Much there because as his socks
are hanging on a on a
clothesline, I see a pair of
pants on the clothesline. It's
it's got everything just
hanging. So he doesn't maybe
he's doing his laundry there.
Closer to the window is a chair
and a A with something hung over
it, and a desk.
With some items on it.
Then we go to the next frame.
And it looks like.
Some type of.
Whale like a beached whale and
something in the background.
Then in the next frame it looks
like this creature starts to
lift itself up on on two arms
and then it maybe it's maybe
it's flies, maybe it swims, but
then it looks like it begins to
move away. In the next scene we
see the man.
Holding the picture in his left
hand and turning to the right,
turning his head and looking at
something and the following
scene we we see the tail of this
creature coming down into a
square hole, and there's a
ladder there. Following that,
the man starts to climb down the
ladder. We see this creature.
It looks like a shark with a
tail, and it's got ears, the
man.
And it's looking at something on
the floor, so it's looking at
what looks like a letter, an
envelope. The man's thumb comes
down, or the man comes to pick
up the the envelope. While the
creature is staring up at him,
he looks in the envelope and he
pulls out the origami and he has
such a happy expression on his
face.
And then he opens up the origami
and realizes it's a letter. And
so he looks out of the window up
into the sky, and he's he's
thinking. And so he he it seems
that the story is about one man
who writes a letter to his
friend.
OK.
And in this scene we see an
origami that looks like a four
legged winged creature with its.
Head protruding from it and then
looking back.
Or it may be that creature we
saw previously that's formed
into an origami. The next
picture we see a.
A cone.
With.
A cut out in in the middle of it
and in the middle there is a
some type of white dial.
The next frame shows a.
The hat that's hung on the wall
from a hook, and then next to it
a garment.
In the next scene we see a bowl
with what looks like.
Curled tentacles from an octopus
in it and then in the next scene
we see a drawing of a of like a
child's drawing of a boat.
This is followed by the scene.
With the.
Umm.
With a bell, it looks like to me
a bell and then some type of.
I'm not really sure what it is.
Following that we see a. It
looks like a a cup of soup on a
on a saucer and maybe a.
A handle or a spoon sticking out
from that. Following that we see
a picture of a family it looks
like.
Father, mother and daughter. And
then finally.
A hand, a larger hand, an adult
hand, a handing.
Something looks like a coin to a
hand that a child's hand.
All right, so in this scene we
see the family sitting at a
table.
Having a meal and so.
This little creature reappears
in the lower right. It's got
four legs, eyes.
Ears and a curly tail, and it's
looking up at the girl who's
sitting across from her mother.
So we see her back sitting in a
straight back chair and she's.
Taking she has her hand out and
her father or or maybe her
brother that's a male in the
picture.
He's handy putting something in
her hand.
And he's got.
His right hand up and he's got
his fingers extended.
And then the woman is sitting to
his right across from the girl,
and she's just sitting at her.
In her chair, just looking at at
this and in the background we
see all kinds of we see the
man's hack and maybe a a cloth
hanging there. So the items I
described previously with the
cone and the dial, they're up
against the wall, so they're all
wall decorations. Maybe it's an
old radio, but then we see on on
the wall behind them some flower
decorations.
We see some other pictures. The
following scene is it looks like
someone is putting on rain boots
and then we see a hand extended
down and we see this little
creature.
In the lower left hand, looking
up.
And so it's handing through its
mouth the.
The girl's a stocking hat and
she puts it on and they go.
Outside down.
Stone staircase.
And.
Next to some houses they looks
like they're walking or running
and they.
#END_arrival-6 Come across some
things. She's pointing on the
ground, the creature is
inspecting them, and then she
holds her hand up as if she's
holding a ball of light or or
maybe a shiny star in the
background.
{OK, perfect. If you'd like to
have a 2 to 3 minute break, you
can now while I start to pull up
the next item.}
{Alright, I'll do that. Thank
you.}
{OK.
OK.}
{So this is just a complex scene
like the ones we were doing
earlier. So just take 3 to 5
minutes to describe what you see
happening in this scene.}
#START_picture_this OK, to me it
looks like it is a very crowded
Art Museum. There are a lot of
paintings hanging on the wall
and they are on three different
stories.
There.
are
The wall background is sort of
like a red clay color and there
are a number of square
paintings. The one I I recognize
on the 1st floor it looks like
that. It looks like just a
couple standing next to each
each other.
So the paintings.
They are, and they look like.
People just portraits of of
people and there are some that
maybe it looks like a fish.
And there are just many, many
people. They're all crowded
together. And they're.
Going.
Up and down there's a there are
a couple of staircases or a
staircase leading from the
ground floor up to the second
floor and from the 2nd floor up
to the third floor, and there
are people carrying paintings.
And.
#END_picture_this Either they're
buying them or maybe they're
shopping. So that's that's
basically what I see.
{OK, I'll pull up the next one.
I mean, next is a short story.}
{OK.
OK, this one is 44 slides. So
like some some.}
{Ohps some of the pictures have
like more going on than some of
the other pictures.}
{OK.
There we go.
OK.
So can I ask you a question
before I start? Yeah, is this
just?}
{Is it on? I see there's.
6 frames and one frame. So is it
just?}
{Go on one page on the left page
and then the right page. Yep. So
OK, for the most part, yeah,
it'll divide like this. Or it'll
be like one big spread across
the page. OK, alright, got it.
OK, alright. And this. }
#START_wanderer We see two male
figures. There's a.
And it looks like they're
folding a tarp. And so one male
is on his hands and knees where
the fold of the tarp is, and the
other is standing. This guy's
wearing a striped shirt. Stripes
go horizontally and he's got the
the.
And and he's standing on the
bottom of the tarp, so they're
folding it in half.
And now
They're folding the tarp into.
It looks like they're folding it
into like a.
Quarters now they're taking the
tarp and they're, oh, they've
made a, they're folding it again
and they've made a type of.
It looks like a pyramid turned
on its side.
Next they take the the pyramid
and they pull.
Some of the quarters, apart from
some of the corners apart from
it, and here they've made
themselves. It looks like a
paper sailboat that looks like a
a
A hat.
And in the next scene we see a
large.
Boat with.
It looks like a bunch of
banners. I know it's. It's
probably a sail and it's it's.
It's sailing and.
At the bottom of the this boat
where we see the the water. The
water looks clear and there is
some type of.
Device there that.
Like a round device that someone
could sit in and perhaps go and
view underneath the water so it
looks like a.
Type of device that allows them
to study the ocean of the sea.
And there we see the and the and
the next one.
And the next one we see.
Seagulls flying what must be
over the well. It's over the
water. It looks like it's over
the water. We see the little.
Little vessel that the two men
have built its in the water, the
water looks like the water caps
are are well it's, it's a, it's
a.
Black and white and Gray
painting and so it looks like
the the the sea is is very Gray.
And in this we see that.
On the water we see a the.
The little boat that the men
have put out into the water, and
there are some sea turtles who
are inspecting it and it looks
like they've swam over to the to
the little boat and they're
looking inside of it and there
are a couple. There's a seagull
who's come and landed on it, and
there are three other seagulls
flying overhead now to the right
of that.
It looks like a.
Umm.
That little boat is either up
against a a sea creature that
it's.
Over shadows it it's it's it's
many times bigger than the
little both and it's got spots
all over it. So it's a a dark
creature what looks like a horn
and then it's got some white
spots all over it. OK.
And then and and this we see
that the.
What it is, it looks like a an
an orca shark or an orca. Whale,
I'm not sure what that that is.
And so now the little boat is on
the top of its fin, and that's
what we saw earlier. So now we
see the the the creature
underwater and we see other sea
creatures there too. There it
looks like a.
Some kind of Marlin that's
coming out of a underwater
flower and we see some other
vegetation and other types of
fish swimming around and in the
under underwater plants.
And then we see a school of
smaller fish up at the top,
close to the close to the water,
where the water comes to the
air.
So this is a an even bigger view
of what we see. We see you know
some coral, we see some reef, we
see a lot of fish swimming
around at the at the surface of
the water and we we see a lot of
activity of various types of
fish, striped fish.
We see some must be an eel or
some type of.
Serpent swimming underneath just
many, many schools of fish that
are swimming under the under the
sea.
And here we see two pictures of
the on the the boat. So in in
the first picture we see that.
The boats on the surface and
there is a fish or some creature
that is popped its top and it
looks like it's.
Close to the close to the
surface, inspecting the boat and
then underneath we see looks
like a couple of fish, or I
don't know if they're fish. They
looks like they have arms. It
looks like they have fish heads
and then bodies, sleek bodies
and and skinny little arms and
it looks like they're kissing
and they're in front of a large
plant under the water.
And we see schools of fish.
Striped ones, speckled ones.
Ones.
Just Gray ones just swimming
around and the next frame we see
a fishing rod come out of the
little boat and it is fishing
and it looks like it's caught a
fish and the other fish are you
know couple of fish are looking
at it and so this, this one
looks like one of the.
Creatures with a fish head and
then a body, and in its hand
it's holding a pair of scissors.
So in this next frame we see
that there's a fish out of the
water, and on top of it is a
little creature.
Wearing a hat that looks like
the little fishing vessel that
the men created earlier. And so
this.
Creature is standing on a fish,
the fish, and looks like it's
perched itself on some on on a
on a coral. Underneath the water
and in the foreground we see
some other curious striped fish.
A different types of stripes and
another fish looking up.
And in the following scene we
see that creature that was above
the water has gotten into the.
Into the little boat and we see
a lion or holes or something
coming out of the boat and down
to the floor of the sea and
it's.
And in the sea we see a bunch of
books like manta of Gray and
speckled and white manta rays.
Here we see the little boat in
the foreground, in the middle,
at the bottom of the page.
Kind of on the water and we see
some type of little plants or
something coming out, maybe it's
on the ground now.
And above that we see what it
looks like are.
Umm.
It looks like bushes.
And sort.
To me that looks like they're
they're either a little zygote
swing down or they're that they
look like.
Storks.
Or those cranes that that are in
the in the bushes all over the
bushes.
And.
I don't know what they're doing,
but they're just, there's a
bunch of them.
OK.
All right, this is a picture of.
Of water, under under the water
and above the water, under the
water we see some.
Various types of striped fish
and white fish swimming around.
We see some dark Gray fish with
white eyes swimming in the
opposite direction of them.
Above those fish we see this
little, this little boat out of
the water is sticking some
plants. There's some trees, some
sticking out and there there's
like a, a, a Bush with with its
roots stuck down into the sea
floor and these roots
Many like stringy roots and then
above that it we have some type
of we have those those cranes
or.
Storks there are.
They're in the Bush and there
are other several other bushes
there. And then to the to the
left, sticking out of the water
are some plants that may start
to look like palm trees.
OK, in this picture it's a dark
picture and it may be at night.
It looks like it's at night, and
it has in the foreground a
number of tree branches and tree
trunks.
As.
Sticking up
And then in the branches it
looks like some type of.
Birds that are sitting on the
branches. Or maybe they're.
Possum or something that's
sitting on on another on another
branch and there and some of
them are inspecting this little
boat. And then the boat is a
little creature, looks like an
alligator, a tiny alligator with
a striped body suit or checkered
body suit on.
OK. And this we see the little
boat again.
And.
Twice. It appears twice in this
in this picture and the little
oh, I see what it is looks like
now a seahorse.
So the seahorse is by itself on
the left hand side of the
picture, looking down into the
water at some.
Other sea creature that that's.
Riding a crab or lobster maybe.
And then on the right hand side
of that we see.
That little.
A seahorse above the water, sort
of in the air, looks like it's
it's jumped out of the boat,
it's hat came flying off and
it's I'm looking at three other
sea horses who have their heads
stuck above the.
Stuck above the surface of the
water and in some type of plant
and we we have some solid dark
fish and some striped fish.
It's like a herring bone type of
pattern on them.
OK, so that's what I see.
OK and this we see on the left
hand side you see a a whale not
really sure what kind it is it's
it's body is.
A dark color and its belly is a
white with stripes on it and
it's got its head.
Sticking out of the surface of
the sea and its body is.
Underneath the sea.
And.
And there are some fish.
Swimming around to its right and
it looked like it's casting a
shadow. There's some.
Looks like a shadow effect there
and the next picture we see.
Another creature with its head
above the water. It looks like
it's got some kind of.
Pepper or something sticking
from its its forehead and that
little boat appears in that
picture. It also appears in the
first one, but more prominently
in this one. And it looks like
this is a.
Creature that's long, it's got
legs and little arms that look
like lobster claws, and it looks
like it's looking at this boat
with delight.
It's got on its back, it's got
like octopus tentacles and it's
standing on top of a looks like
wreckage of other boats.
So in this picture we see the
sea.
Uh.
And we see the little boat and
looks like there's a cat that's
jumping into the boat and the
sky is filled with butterflies
and other and birds. And we see
fish out of the water and we see
various types of sea creatures
out of the water jumping perhaps
back into the water. And we see
a sea creatures that look like
cheetahs and zebras.
Elephants and giraffes and.
Things like that. And then we
see some type of sea creature in
the background, looks like the
sun is either coming up or
setting and it's swimming along
in front of that. And then it
looks like there's a planet up
in the right hand corner, but it
could be a a big blowfish.
All right. And this scene it's
a.
A scene at night, the moon is.
It's just a Crescent moon.
And so it's a starry night with
some clouds. It looks like some
clouds there or something in the
sky along with the with the the
stars. The little boat is
floating on the water underneath
it are like this many fish
schools of fish and that that
create.
Sort of Arc like an arc like
effect under the water.
And in this, it's a picture of
the little boat and it's
surrounded by some type of fish.
They're they're all the same and
they're all looking at the boat
and.
There are there's got to be,
hundreds of fish in this
picture.
Right. And this again, it's a
night scene. I'm a little boat
is on the water and then it
looks like the Aurora borealis.
And this scene is an ocean scene
with a little boat in the
foreground and a huge.
Iceberg in the background, it's
got a plateau to it.
OK, and this we have the picture
on the left is a a night scene
and it looks to me like it. The
little boat is in the foreground
and it is going through a.
Ohh.
An iceberg that has been formed
with a like a cut out in it. In
the background of that are some.
Mountains. Or it could be that
they're.
Yeah, there are ice cap
mountains.
And in the next picture, oh, I
didn't get to that. In the next
picture it looks like a cavern
of.
Of the ice formed with the cut
out in the middle, and the
little boat is sort of sailing
through the cavern.
And this we see it's again an
ice. Excuse me, it's a little
boat is on the.
Water, but it looks like it's
right underneath it is some type
of.
Either sea creature or or maybe
it's it's a manta with a tail on
it and it's standing next. It's
it's a floating next to what
looks like a huge iceberg.
Iceberg looks like the leg of a
man with wearing boots.
And then the next scene we see
a.
We see.
Emerging out of the water.
The man or creature, or it's a
creature wearing some kind of
backpack and hoses and it's.
Holding this little boat and it
looks like it's holding it under
a light and the light looks like
a shower head, flexible shower
head and shining down and and
it's got a number 08 on its
head. So that makes me think
that it's a.
Like probably a person coming
down and then there's another
smaller one underwater with a 05
on its on its head, OK.
OK. And this scene again, it's
on the ocean and the little boat
is in the lower left hand corner
and it it looks like it's.
Next to a huge ocean liner or
several huge ships that are
sailing and they seem to have a.
Uh.
Like trees or leaves or
something protruding from the
from the top of the one and the
other one looks like just the
modern ship.
OK.
And then this we see again a
water scene. The little boat is
on the lower left hand side just
floating around a lot of
seagulls flying over the over
the ocean and on the right hand
side looks like now like.
A structure that's.
Sticking out of the ocean sort
of like a A.
Where they can drill for oil at
the bottom of the ocean at a big
rig and so it looks like that's
in the ocean and maybe there's
smoke or puppy clowns coming out
of the.
Of this device out of this
structure.
All right.
And this we have two pictures,
and the one on the left. There
there's a dark cylinder with.
That looks like it has a little.
Sharp lines or lasers or
something coming out of it. The
little boat isn't in front of
it.
And then there's a chain that
comes down in the background
with a claw, like it's coming
down to grab something. And then
next scene we see the little
boat floating on the water and
next to it is a, a creature
standing. It's got a helmet on,
it's got some type of suit on
and it's standing on a on a
craft that looks like a missile.
And it's, it's looking at the
little boat.
And in this scene it it looks
like a a storm has come upon the
the wire, the waves look rough,
and this man who was wearing a.
Underwater suit is to the left
of the.
Boat and looks like he's trying
to stay afloat. And then on the
right side we see some horses
and a boat with a sail.
Coming toward the.
On there and people standing up
in the mast looking down at the
boat.
So.
#END_wanderer OK, in this scene
there's a big.